h2. Japanese Mosaic Logic Puzzle

For rules and examples of the Japanese Mosaic problem you should take a look at the Cucumber acceptance tests.

"features/mosaic.feature":http://github.com/josephwilk/japanese-mosaic-logic-puzzle/blob/master/features/mosaic.feature

If you're not sure what Cucumber is take a quick peek here "http://cukes.info/":http://cukes.info/

We will use these Examples to drive the development of your solution.

h2. 1  Prerequisites

The acceptance tests for these examples require Ruby and Cucumber.

So we need the following installed:

# Git (and a github account: "http://github.com":http://github.com/)
# Ruby (or JRuby whatever floats your boat)
# Rubygems ("http://rubygems.org/pages/download":http://rubygems.org/pages/download)

h2. 2  Setup

# Fork my repository on Github ("http://github.com/josephwilk/japanese-mosaic-logic-puzzle":http://github.com/josephwilk/japanese-mosaic-logic-puzzle)
# git clone your repository
# gem install bundler
# cd japanese-mosaic-logic-puzzle && bundle install

We can now run that Cucumber specification:

<pre><code>cucumber features/mosaic.feature</code></pre>

You should be greeted with lots of fails. Right here the work starts, work your way down the scenarios getting each to pass in turn. 

h2. 3 Coding

You have to ensure that executing "bin/mosaic" prints the solution on the command line.

The file "bin/mosaic" will be executed with a filename which will contain the input string.

h2. 4 First steps

bin/mosaic file:
<pre><code>#!/usr/bin/env ruby
filename = ARGV[0] # The first argument is the filename with the input table string
File.open(filename) do |f|
  string_input_table = f.read
  input_array = string_input_table.split("\n").map{|row| row.split("|")[1..-1]}
end

puts "I should output the solution here."</code></pre>
